but the pelicans aren't after fish their
sights are set on a bigger catch
[Music]
Malekith island is the nesting ground
for some 60,000 Cape gannets normally
one gamete parent goes off fishing while
the other looks after the chick but
declining fish stocks means both parents
are often away hunting at the same time
leaving their chicks unguarded something
which hasn't gone unnoticed by the
pelicans
[Applause]
[Music]
only chicks with parents at their side
or those too large to swallow have a
chance
[Music]
[Applause]
back at the Pelican colony the parents
regurgitate partially-digested Gannet
chicks for their brood all their most
seabird colonies on the African Cape are
in decline the population of white
pelicans nesting on Dassin is growing
[Music]